I'm not sure yet, 'cause I haven't had much time to study it. I was wandering through the box storage area and noticed this one box that had these rings floating next to it. And when I stood on it, I noticed it felt a bit less solid than usual. Well, not less <strong>solid</strong> per se, but more springy. Obviously these rings do something, but we're going to need <strong>way</strong> more than a day to figure out what. So far what I've found is - and keep in mind these are just my initial observations - the box goes where you push it, except that it prefers to move in the plane defined by the rings. In other words, you <strong>can</strong> move it up and down, but it takes lots of extra force. Same with turning it. Oh, and I also noticed that it won't go outside the tunnel. That must be why it never moved when we ran on it: we were pushing it outwards, and it was already at the edge. I think it's tied to the artifical gravity somehow. I assume you've noticed the way gravity changes suddenly at the edge of the tunnel? The rings probably react to the change in gravity and pull the box back in. Or maybe it's the <strong>box</strong> itself that does it... Actually, that makes a lot of sense now that I think about it. We already know there's some force keeping all the normal boxes and tiles in place. Except, hmm... Except for cracked tiles. They're a clear counterexample, so maybe I'm wrong here. On the other arm, this box isn't the odd one out, the cracked tiles are. Remind me to take time to study those too. If we figure out why cracked tiles can leave the tunnel, it should give a clue as to why nothing else does. Anyway, back to the main topic: how these rings work. Clearly they aren't the same as the first rings I found, but at this point I think it's safe to conclude that those ones are malfunctioning somehow. Another thing to come back to later. So I was thinking about that, and I recently spoke with the Gentleman about all these floating batteries. We only did one test before he ran off, and you should speak to him about that, because there's a lot more we could learn from him and his magnet. Or if you find any loose magnets, be sure to hold on to them. Sorry, I'm getting sidetracked again. The point is, I've been thinking about the way the batteries float down the middle of the tunnels, and now I'm thinking maybe this box is similar. The best part is, the box doesn't turn off the moment you touch it, so it should be much easier to experiment on. I think the first thing to try and find out is what it's attached to. Besides the rings, I mean. Later, maybe we can figure out how the rings stick to the box without actually touching it, but for now, we'll just accept that they do. You can stick your arm between the ring and the box, and there's nothing but air. Knowing this, we can assume it also explains how the box hangs in midair. Remember, the fewer assumptions an explanation makes, the more likely it is. But we <strong>already</strong> made the assumption that objects can be connected without actually touching. It's safer to reuse the old assumption, rather than making a new one, because you want to keep your assumption count as low as possible. Ugh, sorry, that was kind of a roundabout way of saying that. This is why I prefer to prepare my explanations beforehand... Ok, here's another way to think about it. If you push something, it <strong>ought</strong> to move. The only way for it to stay still is if something else is pushing - or pulling - in the opposite direction. Well, maybe not the <strong>only</strong> way. I've read sci-fi books that say gravity technically isn't a force, even though it can counteract forces. Oh, and these tunnels manipulate gravity somehow, so we can't rule it out, but I'm still going to start with the simpler hypotheses. My first guess is that the box anchored to the tunnel, and when I push on it, I'm pushing on the whole tunnel, not just the box. This is the safest guess because - again - we already know there's a mechanism. My second guess is that it pushes on the air. I haven't noticed any weird air currents yet, but I'm not certain what sort of air currents I'd expect, even assuming that guess was true. We'll need to do more tests before ruling it out. If neither of those hypotheses works out, then we start considering all that artificial gravity weirdness. Not sure how we'd test it, but we'll cross that storm when - if - we come to it.